# BridgeTut
Bridge is a popular card game around the world. Many people have regular bridge lessons and there are a great many books on how to be a better player. But the game is difficult and these resources lack the drill-and-practice necessary for true learning. This project will produce a Bridge Tutor to fill that gap. It will input example lessons and, through a process of interspersed question-answering and playing of the cards, will enable the user to play a game unaided and then replay it with increasing system assistance. The Bridge Tutor will also keep track of how well the user is doing on each lesson, and ensure that those not yet mastered are shown again later, until that lesson is learnt. There is no need to know the game to do this project; a (very) little knowledge of bridge basics - as required by a complete beginner - will be provided, and will be sufficient to create the Tutor. Lesson input will be provided; in each case this specifies the cards held by each of the 4 players, the goal (e.g. win 10 of the 13 rounds in this game), the answers to the (fixed, standard) questions and the lesson text (just a String to the computer). To pass the  Capstone Projects for CSC3003S  2  project the system should be able to input a lesson, allow the user to play that game - i.e. play the cards one by one - and then show the answer (lesson text). There are many ways in which the system can assist or guide the player, and the more of these that are included the better the project will become
